Before we start getting into building the actual maps feature, we want to get a sense of what our feature
overview is going to be.
So any time we search for any given place, what we want to do is we want the map to swap out and then
show us the markers at that specific place.
And with that, we'll be able to create an experience for the user that seamless between the restaurants,
which also take into account that the location has changed and the map.
And when we click on a specific restaurant on the map, you will go back to the restaurants for you
and showcase the restaurant detail information.
That way we have the ability to create the seamless experience in the app, a flowing from the map screen
back into the restaurant detail information.
And so knowing that that's how our feature is going to work, the first thing we need to figure out
is how are we going to render a map?
And so let's get into that.